Throughout Jesus' ministry, he taught about God's kingdom more than any other subject.
For centuries, his followers have prayed for that kingdom to come.
But what is the kingdom?
A kingdom is a type of government.
A government includes a ruler, a seat of government, a territory that is ruled over,
laws and citizens.
Sadly, many human governments fail to meet the needs of their people, advancing their
own interests instead.
In contrast, God's kingdom has the perfect ruler, Jesus.
Someone God Himself chose to be king.
But also selects others to be associate rulers with Jesus.
This kingdom rules from heaven.
It receives its power and authority from God.
Its domain will include the whole earth, eliminating problems caused by nationalism.
And anyone who obeys its laws can be a citizen.
How will the kingdom benefit its citizens?
When on earth, Jesus showed through his miracles what God's kingdom would do.
When Jesus calmed us down, he showed that as king, he will control earth's natural
forces, solving environmental problems.
By miraculously feeding thousands, he demonstrated that the kingdom will eliminate world hunger.
In Jesus' heel, the sick, lame, death and blind, he gave us a preview of the perfect
health that all will enjoy under his rule.
And by resurrecting people, he showed that through the kingdom, he will reverse death
itself.
You may wonder, when will God's kingdom rule the earth?
How can you support God's kingdom now?
To learn more about what the Bible says on this and many other topics, go to jw.org.